Ancient human civilization is far older and was far more advanced than we were
ever taught in school. And the evidence is overwhelmingly conclusive.
That civilization was essentially reset,
following a massive global cataly,
likely a common or an asteroid impact to the north American ice shelf nearly 13
and years ago. Not only does evidence conclude this,
which I'll include later in this presentation,
but recent analysis taken at go Beckley Tepe in Turkey shows that they carved in
stone depictions of a comment impact to planet earth.
That essentially was a reset for human civilization,
which validates the works from people such as Graham, Randall, Carlson,
and others. Now, if you're not familiar with go Beckley Tepe,
it's located in Turkey and it is the world's oldest and largest megalithic
structure. In fact, it's more than 6,000 years older than Stonehenge,
and more than 50 times bigger as verified by ground penetrating radar,
it has more than 220 to 50 to pillars that have a cosmic
orientation. And in fact, it is the world's first,
perfectly aligned north south facing structure.
But what makes it even more incredible is that it's facing perfectly north and
south even taking into consideration magnetic declination,
which it makes it more accurate than a compass.
This site has been dated to be 11,600 year result.
So the question becomes how on earth were humans based on what we were taught on
the textbooks, able to have this type of astronomical knowledge. Now,
besides the fact that somehow unexplainably ancient humans were able to cut and
carve these stone pillars,
lift them as well as carve out three dimensional animals with incredible
precision and keep 'em.
This site had been buried up until the mid nineties when it was discovered it
had been buried for more than 11,600 years,
but it was just recently announced by researchers from the university of
Edinborough that these depictions,
these animals located throughout these stone pillars have a cosmic and
constellation orientation and symbolism to them.
And when they've combined computer software,
that takes into account where the star constellations were 12,900 years ago,
which is the same period of time where evidence shows that there was massive
changes or a cataly here on earth, which I'll get to in just one more second,
they were trying to depict a comment or fragments of a comment impact here on
earth.
No I've discussed the topic of the global cataly and other videos such as the
network of 200 underground cities also located in Turkey.
Some of which are 11 stories, deep,
more than 200 feet underground had advanced air shafts as well as a network of
tunnels.
Some of which were three stories underground and spanned five miles through
volcanic rock to other nearby under ground cities.
And these cities were capable of holding tens of thousands of people in
livestock. Individually.
These underground cities are absolutely massive and they're a total mystery as
nobody knows who built them. Now keep that in mind.
As I share with you information from another video I made that discussed in
detail,
the overwhelming evidence of a cosmic collision to the north American ice shelf
that happened approximately 12,900 years ago,
which would justify the depictions taken at go Beckley Tepe,
which essentially ancient humans were trying to show and share a story or
perhaps worn a others of what had happened before. And as we know,
everything in this universe appears to be cyclic.
And if you take into the works of Randall Carlson, he outlines in detail.
The overwhelming evidence that shows that throughout time,
over the last 150 to 160,000 years,
since modern humans have existed on planet earth,
there have been anywhere between nine possibly a dozen global Lys that
would have completely decimated a human civilization at that time,
which would explain the fact on how modern humans only date back roughly 5,000
years to ancient, uh, Sumerians E Mesopotamia,
which would explain the incredible gap between then and now and how a set
there are cycles of catastrophe here on earth.
So what's this evidence of the cosmic collision? Well,
there's a few things that happen all at the same period of time,
12,900 years ago,
the rapid and unexplainable end to the last ice age that caused a more than 400
foot rise in global sea levels in a matter of years and possibly as much as 30
feet overnight. And this has been confirmed,
recent core ice sample data taken from Greenland and Antarctica.
There's also a black matte layer called the younger dries boundary that covers
more than 50 million square kilometers of the Earth's surface,
at least three continents and contains elements such as melt glass,
nano diamonds, Iridium, and extraterrestrial helium,
all evidence of a cosmic collision. The same elements found in the KT boundary,
which has agreed upon in science to have been evidence of the asteroid or combat
impact that wiped out the dinosaurs.
And there was also a massive extinction level event of more than 75% of all
mammals in north America, including 120 species of megafauna.
Amal is larger than a hundred pounds, which by the way,
is about approximately as many mammals of that size that exists throughout the
entire planet of earth today. And they all went extinct at the same time.
And they're finding evidence such as in Willie Mamo,
mass mortality sites of more than a thousand Willie Mamo.
Many of them still have food in their mouths and broken legs as,
as if they had a and blasted over, which completely contradicts into bunks,
the mainstream narrative of, okay, well,
hunters and gatherers had made the Willie mamos go extinct.
Now you might be wondering why is this important?
Keep in mind that everything in the universe that we're aware of happens in
cycles. So whatever happened before will absolutely happen again.
And there's a lot of evidence out there that suggests that we're long over do
for a magnetic pole shift for maybe a rock from outer space, hitting us.
There could be all kinds of number of different things that could happen here on
planet earth. And it's important to set humanity up for success.
So if there is another cataly,
we're not starting back over from the stone age anyways, guys,
I'm gonna leave it at that. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight like,
and subscribe, leave me a comment. Let what your thoughts are.
And I have many other videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics.
Take care, everybody.